---
tags: [video]
title: "All the #iPadOnly show videos recorded in the past"
---

After launching the #iPadOnly book both Augusto and Michael were recording the "#iPadOnly show" and we've recorded a grand total of 13 episodes.

[You can still get the show on Apple Podcasts](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/ipadonly-audio-show-augusto-pinaud-michael-sliwinski/id695163468)

Or if you want to watch the videos, they are available on our [#iPadOnly YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/iPadOnlyBook) or here below:

<!--More-->

## Show 13: iPadOnly Show on the iPad and Google Hangouts

{% include ytPlayer.html id="2X8DAmmUEsQ" %}

## Show 12: Can you really do real work on the iPad?

{% include ytPlayer.html id="en3hkTcWzAI" %}

## Show 11: Air or Mini with Retina? What's Augusto's new iPad?

{% include ytPlayer.html id="-T6t154G6Ks" %}

## Show 10: Help Augusto choose an iPad. Mini or Air?

{% include ytPlayer.html id="gulxcnQXb3I" %}

## Show 9: Is the iPad doomed?

{% include ytPlayer.html id="MkXY7U96rmg" %}

## Show 8: Keynote in Apple Store - Michael's Japanese #iPadOnly Story

{% include ytPlayer.html id="_WydmdWgXmY" %}

## Show 7: Different iPad Stands

{% include ytPlayer.html id="BAv_zolpN74" %}

## Show 6: Apple October 2013 Event - iPad Goodness

{% include ytPlayer.html id="uwx7aDQ7n7I" %}

## Show 5: Editorial review and how easy it is to replace apps on the iPad

{% include ytPlayer.html id="fdjs9zI0oq4" %}

## Show 4: Finding a perfect bag for your iPad

{% include ytPlayer.html id="jx2ef7hfFsQ" %}

## Show 3: Understanding an iPad-only person

{% include ytPlayer.html id="z6MSu3xCfr8" %}

## Show 2: It's a Numbers game! :-) Using Numbers (spreadsheets) on the iPad. Demo Time!

{% include ytPlayer.html id="S-gHjD8mEvM" %}

## Show 1: Touch typing, size, battery and other iPad issues

{% include ytPlayer.html id="81RAFSvLDGU" %}
